Add notes on kubeadm clusters version (#44683)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade.md

- [Upgrading a kubeadm cluster from {{< skew currentVersionAddMinor -4 >}} to {{< skew currentVersionAddMinor -3 >}}](https://v{{< skew currentVersionAddMinor -3 "-" >}}.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade/)
- [Upgrading a kubeadm cluster from {{< skew currentVersionAddMinor -5 >}} to {{< skew currentVersionAddMinor -4 >}}](https://v{{< skew currentVersionAddMinor -4 "-" >}}.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade/)

{{< note >}}

> it's recommended to match your kubelet and kubeadm versions, but you can also use an older kubelet version.
> For more details, please visit [kubeadm's skew against the kubelet](docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/create-cluster-kubeadm/#kubeadm-s-skew-against-the-kubelet)

Reviewer: Few corrections might be needed.
```suggestion
It's recommended to match your kubelet and kubeadm versions, but you can also use an older kubelet version.
For more details, please visit [kubeadm's skew against the kubelet](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/create-cluster-kubeadm/#kubeadm-s-skew-against-the-kubelet).
```

{{< /note >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: actually, i know i said to add this as a note, but can you please move it under Additional information.
i forgot this page has such a section. just drop the `note` tags and place it as a simple bullet point, second in position after this one  `- The instructions below outline when to ...`

  first drain the node (or nodes) that you are upgrading. In the case of control plane nodes,
  they could be running CoreDNS Pods or other critical workloads. For more information see
  [Draining nodes](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/safely-drain-node/).

> - It's recommended to match your kubelet and kubeadm versions, but you can also use an older kubelet version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The Kubernetes project recommends that you match your kubelet and kubeadm versions.
  You can instead use an a version of kubelet that is older than kubeadm, provided it is within the
  range of supported versions.
```
